{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Image reference:\
\
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/335347\
\
\
https://www.itsnicethat.com/articles/turner-duckworth-redesign-mcdonalds-branding-visual-identity-graphic-design-250719\
\
https://www.casperscompany.com\
\
\
\
In general, our company keeps a steady growth from 2016 Jan. to 2019 Sept. with minor fluctuations. During this 3-year period, our total sales of all food items from all regions increase 28% on average. Each month, the restaurants will yield 11.8 million dollars profit each month. However, after Burger King introduces their new product Impossible Burger, we unfortunately encountered the largest challenge since 2016. The sales dropped 15% compared with the sales of last month. To further bolster our sales and beat our competitors, this report will take a deep look by analyze the sales data accordingly to regions and the items sold and give insightful suggestions\
\
\
By aggregating the monthly sales by the food items we sold: HM - hamburger, FF: fish fillet, and CF: chicken fillet, we are able to peek which item is the most popular among all the items we sell and how the sales for these items vary with dates. According to the line chart on the left, <a> hamburgers are the most popular food among all the items</a>. Also, all of the three kinds of items we sell show <a class = \'91underlined\'92> a steady increase since 2016 </a>. Although, the sales dropped on Oct 2018 right after Burger King introduced their new Impossible Burger, the data still show a very positive and robust trend\'97<a class = \'91underlined\'92> Impossible Burger only has limited impact on our sales </a>.\
\
By aggregating the monthly sales by our sales regions: NE: Northeast, NW: Northwest, SE: Southeast, SW: Southwest, and C: Central Area, we are able to find the <a class = \'91good\'92> highest profitable region is North East </a> and the <a class = \'91bad\'92> lowest profitable region is the Central Region </a>.  Clearly, Burger King\'92s impossible burger impacted all of our sales regions since they usually open their new restaurants right next to us. \
\
\
\
Conclusively, burgers are the most popular item and we should keep it popular by introducing more types of burger. Introducing veggie  burger could be a good option since more people switch to vegetarian diet in the modern world. We need also improve the fish fillet.\
\
\
If looking the sales of a month, we will find there is a periodical trend from Monday to Sunday per week. The sales will likely goes up from Monday to Friday followed by a slight drop until Sunday. Still burgers are the most popular items on the menu and are less subject to the day of the week which is saying that the sales of burger vary slightly along the week. Fish Fillet, however, varies greatest\'97people would like to but fish fillet on Friday over Monday. \
\
Looking directly on the sales in a month didn\'92t give us too much useful information. Thus, I grouped the date of the daily sales data. \
\
\
Take a closer look at the sales on each day of the week. Hamburgers and Fish Fillet are most popular on Friday; Chicken fillet is most popular on Monday and least Popular on Saturday. We should adjust the sales of each item according to the triangle indicators. The red upward triangle means we have the highest sales on that day of that food item and thus should similarly increase the sales of that food items on that day. Vice versus.\
\
\
http://127.0.0.1:5500/hw_02/assets/hw_02.pdf\
\
}